Chapter 1 T-SQL Query HW

Q1: declarative language is use by SQL. It requires one to specify what one wants to get and how to get it. Letting RDBMS
	figure out the actualy physical mechanics required to process a request. It also resembles english and is logical.
	A imperative language are commands that one writes to the computer to execute. It uses statement that change a program state.

Q2: 1. Data Definition Language(DDL)
	2. Data Manipulation Language(DML)
	3. Data Control Language(DCL)
	
**Q3: Database is a database that follows strictly the relational model. database consist of storing income,contact or status. 

Q4: Besides using true and false for a result of a logical expression, it can also use null meaning that it has an value but it is yet
	unknown. For example if an employee has a phone number but the admin does not yet know that number until later.

Q5: Entity integrity is the mechanism the system provides to maintain the primary keys which serves as a uniqe identifier for a row
	in a table. SQL enforces this by  asigning a primery key to each table and having unique constrains.

Q6: Referential integrity refers to the accurracy and consistency of data within a relationship that are link between at least two tables.
	SQL enforce this by sing foreing key and primary keys.

Q7: Similarity

Q8: No because it violate a rule that columns should only have one value. facCreds is storing multiple values in a single columns.
	It can be fix by breaking the values into different columns. 

Q9: yes because it complies with the 1NF and becuse it tabe depends entirrely on the primary keys. Every non-functional attribute is entirely 
	depend on the primary key.
Q10: Yes because it follows 2NF rules and it does not have any transitive dependency, meaning that all nonkey attribute must be not be depend on
	 other nonkey.

Q11: 1. Server Name
	 2. Ddatabase Name
	 3. Schema Name
	 4. Object Name
	 
Q12: Declarative data integrity is enforced by data integrity and procedural data integrity is enforced with codes such aswith stored procedures or triggers.